provide a general entry about (chatmail) account deletion (#953)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/help.md

  that a human has read or understood the message ;)

### How can i remove an automatically created chatmail account? {#remove-account}

If you use a default chat profile 
then removing it from within the Delta Chat app 
will automatically trigger deletion of all associated account data on the chatmail server. 

> If you have setup your chat profile on multiple devices 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have set up your chat profile on multiple devices 
```
